1281623636
AddAttachmentsPhotoToSponsor	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/db/migrate/20100803061033_add_attachments_photo_to_sponsor.rb	class AddAttachmentsPhotoToSponsor 
ApplicationController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
ArchiwesController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/archiwes_controller.rb	class Admin::ArchiwesController 
ArchiwumController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/archiwum_controller.rb	class ArchiwumController 
ArchiwumControllerTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/functional/archiwum_controller_test.rb	class ArchiwumControllerTest 
ArchiwumHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/helpers/archiwum_helper.rb	module ArchiwumHelper
ArchiwumHelperTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/unit/helpers/archiwum_helper_test.rb	class ArchiwumHelperTest 
CategoriesController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb	class Admin::CategoriesController 
Cover	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/models/cover.rb	class Cover 
CoversController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/covers_controller.rb	class Admin::CoversController 
CreateSponsorizations	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/db/migrate/20100803070159_create_sponsorizations.rb	class CreateSponsorizations 
CreateSponsors	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/db/migrate/20100803060011_create_sponsors.rb	class CreateSponsors 
EgalleriesController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleries_controller.rb	class Admin::EgalleriesController 
Egallery	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/models/egallery.rb	class Egallery 
Egalleryp	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/models/egalleryp.rb	class Egalleryp 
EgallerypsController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleryps_controller.rb	class Admin::EgallerypsController 
Event	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/models/event.rb	class Event 
Eventday	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/models/eventday.rb	class Eventday 
EventdaysController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/eventdays_controller.rb	class Admin::EventdaysController 
EventsController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/events_controller.rb	class Admin::EventsController 
Eversion	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/models/eversion.rb	class Eversion 
EversionsController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/eversions_controller.rb	class Admin::EversionsController 
FilmController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/film_controller.rb	class FilmController 
FilmControllerTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/functional/film_controller_test.rb	class FilmControllerTest 
FilmHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/helpers/film_helper.rb	module FilmHelper
FilmHelperTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/unit/helpers/film_helper_test.rb	class FilmHelperTest 
GalerieController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/galerie_controller.rb	class GalerieController 
GalerieControllerTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/functional/galerie_controller_test.rb	class GalerieControllerTest 
GalerieHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/helpers/galerie_helper.rb	module GalerieHelper
GalerieHelperTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/unit/helpers/galerie_helper_test.rb	class GalerieHelperTest 
IadresController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/iadres_controller.rb	class Admin::IadresController 
KsiazkiController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/ksiazki_controller.rb	class KsiazkiController 
KsiazkiControllerTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/functional/ksiazki_controller_test.rb	class KsiazkiControllerTest 
KsiazkiHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/helpers/ksiazki_helper.rb	module KsiazkiHelper
KsiazkiHelperTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/unit/helpers/ksiazki_helper_test.rb	class KsiazkiHelperTest 
Magazine	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/models/magazine.rb	class Magazine 
MagazinesController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	class Admin::MagazinesController 
MuzeaController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/muzea_controller.rb	class MuzeaController 
MuzeaControllerTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/functional/muzea_controller_test.rb	class MuzeaControllerTest 
MuzeaHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/helpers/muzea_helper.rb	module MuzeaHelper
MuzeaHelperTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/unit/helpers/muzea_helper_test.rb	class MuzeaHelperTest 
MuzykaController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/muzyka_controller.rb	class MuzykaController 
MuzykaControllerTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/functional/muzyka_controller_test.rb	class MuzykaControllerTest 
MuzykaHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/helpers/muzyka_helper.rb	module MuzykaHelper
MuzykaHelperTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/unit/helpers/muzyka_helper_test.rb	class MuzykaHelperTest 
Paperclip	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/vendor/plugins/paperclip/lib/paperclip/processor.rb	module Paperclip
PlacesController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/places_controller.rb	class Admin::PlacesController 
Processor	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/vendor/plugins/paperclip/lib/paperclip/processor.rb	  class Processor
RozmaitosciController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/rozmaitosci_controller.rb	class RozmaitosciController 
RozmaitosciControllerTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/functional/rozmaitosci_controller_test.rb	class RozmaitosciControllerTest 
RozmaitosciHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/helpers/rozmaitosci_helper.rb	module RozmaitosciHelper
RozmaitosciHelperTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/unit/helpers/rozmaitosci_helper_test.rb	class RozmaitosciHelperTest 
SoonsController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/soons_controller.rb	class Admin::SoonsController 
Sponsor	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/models/sponsor.rb	class Sponsor 
SponsorTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/unit/sponsor_test.rb	class SponsorTest 
Sponsorization	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/models/sponsorization.rb	class Sponsorization 
SponsorizationTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/unit/sponsorization_test.rb	class SponsorizationTest 
SponsorsController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/sponsors_controller.rb	class Admin::SponsorsController 
SponsorsControllerTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/functional/sponsors_controller_test.rb	class SponsorsControllerTest 
SponsorsHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/helpers/sponsors_helper.rb	module SponsorsHelper
SponsorsHelperTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/unit/helpers/sponsors_helper_test.rb	class SponsorsHelperTest 
SzukajController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/szukaj_controller.rb	class SzukajController 
SzukajControllerTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/functional/szukaj_controller_test.rb	class SzukajControllerTest 
SzukajHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/helpers/szukaj_helper.rb	module SzukajHelper
SzukajHelperTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/unit/helpers/szukaj_helper_test.rb	class SzukajHelperTest 
TeatrController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/teatr_controller.rb	class TeatrController 
TeatrControllerTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/functional/teatr_controller_test.rb	class TeatrControllerTest 
TeatrHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/helpers/teatr_helper.rb	module TeatrHelper
TeatrHelperTest	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/test/unit/helpers/teatr_helper_test.rb	class TeatrHelperTest 
Tempfile	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/vendor/plugins/paperclip/lib/paperclip/processor.rb	  class Tempfile 
Topone	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/models/topone.rb	class Topone 
ToponesController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/topones_controller.rb	class Admin::ToponesController 
User	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserSessionsController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	class UserSessionsController 
UsersController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	class Admin::UsersController 
UsersController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
WydarzeniaController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/wydarzenia_controller.rb	class WydarzeniaController 
arch	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	  def arch
attachment	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/vendor/plugins/paperclip/lib/paperclip/processor.rb	    attr_accessor :file, :options, :attachment
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/covers_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleries_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleryps_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/eventdays_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/events_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/eversions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/iadres_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/places_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/soons_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/sponsors_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/topones_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
current_user	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	def current_user
current_user_session	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	def current_user_session
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/archiwes_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/covers_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleries_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleryps_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/eventdays_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/events_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/eversions_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/iadres_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/places_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/soons_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/sponsors_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/topones_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/db/migrate/20100803060011_create_sponsors.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/db/migrate/20100803061033_add_attachments_photo_to_sponsor.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/db/migrate/20100803070159_create_sponsorizations.rb	  def self.down
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/covers_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleries_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleryps_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/eventdays_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/events_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/eversions_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/iadres_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/places_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/soons_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/sponsors_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/topones_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
eversja	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def eversja
file	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/vendor/plugins/paperclip/lib/paperclip/processor.rb	    attr_accessor :file, :options, :attachment
generuj_miesiac	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	      def generuj_miesiac
generuj_rok	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	      def generuj_rok
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/archiwes_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/covers_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleries_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleryps_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/eventdays_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/events_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/eversions_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/iadres_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/places_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/soons_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/sponsors_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/topones_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	    def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/archiwum_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/film_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/galerie_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/ksiazki_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/muzea_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/muzyka_controller.rb	def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/rozmaitosci_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/teatr_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/wydarzenia_controller.rb	  def index
initialize	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/vendor/plugins/paperclip/lib/paperclip/processor.rb	    def initialize
javascript	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/helpers/application_helper.rb		def javascript
lista	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/models/event.rb	  	def self.lista
logtime	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	def logtime
make	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/vendor/plugins/paperclip/lib/paperclip/processor.rb	    def make
make	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/vendor/plugins/paperclip/lib/paperclip/processor.rb	    def self.make
make_tmpname	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/vendor/plugins/paperclip/lib/paperclip/processor.rb	    def make_tmpname
move	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleryps_controller.rb	  def move
move	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/iadres_controller.rb	  def move
move	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/soons_controller.rb	  def move
move	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/topones_controller.rb	  def move
move	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	     def move
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/covers_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleries_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleryps_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/eventdays_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/events_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/eversions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/iadres_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/places_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/soons_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/sponsors_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/topones_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
nie_puste	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def nie_puste
old_days	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/models/event.rb	  attr_accessor :old_days
options	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/vendor/plugins/paperclip/lib/paperclip/processor.rb	    attr_accessor :file, :options, :attachment
puste	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def puste
set_language	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	def set_language
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/covers_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleries_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleryps_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/eventdays_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/events_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/eversions_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/iadres_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/places_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/soons_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/sponsors_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/topones_controller.rb	  def show
unarch	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/archiwes_controller.rb		def unarch
up	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/db/migrate/20100803060011_create_sponsors.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/db/migrate/20100803061033_add_attachments_photo_to_sponsor.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/db/migrate/20100803070159_create_sponsorizations.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/covers_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleries_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/egalleryps_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/eventdays_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/events_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/eversions_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/iadres_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/places_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/soons_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/sponsors_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/topones_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
when	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/models/event.rb	  attr_accessor :when
will_paginate_with_i18n	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk3/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	      def will_paginate_with_i18n
