1278598823
ApplicationController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Archiwe	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/models/archiwe.rb	class Archiwe 
ArchiwesController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/archiwes_controller.rb	class Admin::ArchiwesController 
ArchiwesHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/helpers/archiwes_helper.rb	module ArchiwesHelper
Cover	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/models/cover.rb	class Cover 
CoversController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/covers_controller.rb	class Admin::CoversController 
CoversHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/helpers/covers_helper.rb	module CoversHelper
Eversion	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/models/eversion.rb	class Eversion 
EversionsController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/eversions_controller.rb	class Admin::EversionsController 
EversionsHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/helpers/eversions_helper.rb	module EversionsHelper
HomeController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	class HomeController 
HomeHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/helpers/home_helper.rb	module HomeHelper
Magazine	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/models/magazine.rb	class Magazine 
MagazinesController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	class Admin::MagazinesController 
MagazinesHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/helpers/magazines_helper.rb	module MagazinesHelper
NumbersHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/helpers/numbers_helper.rb	module NumbersHelper
User	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserSession	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/models/user_session.rb	class UserSession 
UserSessionsController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	class UserSessionsController 
UserSessionsHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/helpers/user_sessions_helper.rb	module UserSessionsHelper
UsersController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	class Admin::UsersController 
UsersController	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersHelper	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/archiwes_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/covers_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/eversions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
current_user	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	def current_user
current_user_session	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	def current_user_session
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/archiwes_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/covers_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/eversions_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/archiwes_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/covers_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/eversions_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/archiwes_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/covers_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/eversions_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	    def index
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/archiwes_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/covers_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/eversions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
set_language	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	def set_language
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/archiwes_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/covers_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/eversions_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	  def show
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/archiwes_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/covers_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/eversions_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/magazines_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/admin/users_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/czacha/Pulpit/sw2/public_html/rails/pk2/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
